<!-- # README #

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get your application up and running. -->

### What is this repository for? ###

* ***dashboard.py***
    
    - Show the positions of CV, UWB and Robot systems in a dashboard.
    - Operate the Robots.

* ***generate_cdf/***
    
    - ***process_influxdb_data.py***: Use 1-hour data in the influxDB to generate a CSV file.
    - ***cdf\*\*\*.mlx***: A Matlab file. Use the CSV file generated by *process_influxdb_data.py* to generate a CDF chart.
    - ***show_\*\*\*_records.py***: Show/Replay the record data of the CDF on the map.

### Configuration files for dashboard ###

* ***conf/***
    * ***person_with_tag.conf***: We can define the name of each UWB tag in the file: conf/person_with_tag.conf. There are some examples in this file, and we can imitate these examples to create new lines. We do not need to delete the examples, because no UWB tag can map them, so they do not have effects.
    * ***extra_robots.conf***:  For a Robot not connected to the fleet-manager, we can give it an ID, and configure the ID and Robot IP into the file conf/extra_robots.conf. The robots in this file will be monitored and managed by this application.
    * ***alarm_exemption.conf***: When we need to put a UWBtag on a robot, we can set them as alarm exemption in the configuration file conf/alarm_exemption.conf. Then their will not be alarms generated due to their close distance, and thereby the robot speed will not decrease.

<!-- * Quick summary
* Version
* [Learn Markdown](https://bitbucket.org/tutorials/markdowndemo) -->

### How do I get set up? ###

* Install Python3
* Connect to the network of AAU 5G Smart Production Lab.

### How to use the dashboard? ###
#### Start
* open a terminal
* cd to the folder of the program: "positioning-integration"
* execute "python3 -u dashboard.py"

#### Close
* close the terminal

### Show the records positions of the CDF. ###
#### Start
* open a terminal
* cd to the folder of the program: "positioning-integration"
* execute "python3 -u generate_cdf/*\*\*/show_\*\*\*(need replace)_records.py"

#### Close
* close the terminal

<!-- * Summary of set up
* Configuration
* Dependencies
* Database configuration
* How to run tests
* Deployment instructions -->

<!-- ### Contribution guidelines ###

* Writing tests
* Code review
* Other guidelines

### Who do I talk to? ###

* Repo owner or admin
* Other community or team contact -->